					APTITUDE
					
ANS 1.	31 b
ANS 2.	20 c
ANS 3.	100 a
ANS 4.	63 c
ANS 5.	9 a
ANS 6.	k b
ANS 7.	P a
ANS 8.	FR b
ANS 9.	bccab c
ANS 10	GOV a
ANS 11.	2 
ANS 12.	38
ANS 13	window
ANS 14.	sun
ANS 15.	BE

					CORE JAVA

ANS 1.	java is a keyword used as a command to run the class file created after the compilation of source code file or .java file
		javac is also a keyword or a command to compile a java source code file which converts the source file into class file.
		ex- javac example.java
			java example
			
ANS 2. 	JDK- its an abbrevation for Java Development Kit which includes softwares to support the compilation and execution of 
			 java programs, includes a set of libraries.
		JRE- stands for Java Runtime Environment, which creates an environment for the compiled files to be able to run.
		JVM- It stands for JAVA Virtual Machine, which is basically a software that carries out compilation process.
		
ANS 3.	limitations of Array are-
		1.size cannot be changed during runtime.
		2.lack of flexibility.
		
ANS 6. 	.java file is the sorce file or the code file that is written is high level language in any text editor and is
		human understandable whereas the .class file is the compiled file which is the byte code of the written source code
		and is MLL.
		
ANS 4.	class - It is the blueprint of the objects or a sketch of which type of objects it contains.
		Object - Any real world entity is referred to as object OR instance of class is called an Object.
		
ANS 5.	Array is a non primitive data type (or data structure) which holds or stores homogenous values in the form of matrix.

ANS 7.	6

ANS 8.	method signature- 
		AccessSpecifier NonAccessSpecifier ReturnType methodName(parameters)
		{
			//set of statements; or body of method;
		}
		AS - can be public, protected, private
		NAS - static or non-static
		ReturnType - void,primitive/nonPrimitive dataType
		methodName - name of the method
		parameters - is a keyword
		
ANS 9.	Java is high level programming language which is object oriented. java was discovered by Jose Bosling 1975.

ANS 10.	Variable is a container which holds the values or the address of memory. Types of variables-
		1.local variables
		2.instance variables
		
ANS 11.	A variable which is defined inside a class scope is called as class variable.

ANS 12.	DataType defines the type of data the variable holds. There are two types of datatypes-
		Primitive datatypes- int,char,float,byte,short,long,double
		NonPrimitive dataType- String,array,tree,graph.
		
ANS 13. Features of Java are-
		1. object oriented
		2. secure
		3. machine independent
		
ANS 14.	Basically there are three type of array -
		One dimensional array - stores values continuously i.e in a row.
				ex: String name[2]={"abc","def"}; // op is abc def
		Two dimensional array - stores the values in row and column format (or matrix).
				ex:	int number[2][2]={1,2,3,4};	// op is 1 2
														 3 4
		Multi dimensional array.
		
ANS 16: System.out.println() is a type of method that is used to print the message passed to it in () followed by ; on output console.

ANS 17. double equal operator or == is used to check the match of two values. OR its a equality operator and returns boolean values.
		ex: a=10;
			b=20;
			return a==b;
			//op will be of boolean type i.e False.
			
ANS 18.	dot operator is used to fetch the address, access the class or method.

ANS 19.	base class of all the classes will be the object class.

ANS 20. 		1.static
				2.class
				3.args
				4.String
				5.public
				6.main
				7.char
				8.for
				9.if
				10.switch